So how to build and debug,

Download this repoistory as a zip or if you have the github app then clone it.
Open "Xenious.sln" in Microsoft Visual Studip C# 2015 (Free Edition) or other.

Then Set to debug, it will show the current break points.

The code has now been split, it has a launcher that launches currently a meta editor
and the xex local debugger, I still dont have a RGH console to check whats in the memory,
but when I get my hands on one I will map the memory out for the kernel and the other stuff,
like 1bl, hypervisor and xboxkernal.

So currently im trying to get it to load the main app executable into the xenon memory file,
with imports too, you will notice that the loader dialog when you load up the xex editor will attempt
to load the local (some games have them when you extract them from iso and stfs) and available kernal
imports, if you include them which are (xapi.xex, xam.xex, xboxkrnl.exe, xbdm.xex) but they wont load yet.

Next is to load the entry point, but some hwere there is a bug in the code that means they arnt loading,
So todo, but you get the jist, it loads into the entry point, attempts to find the ending point, 
then next round we would just keep looping to get the other functions and sub functions.

I will keep working away at this, as for now I can still build the editor and the debugger, it will work a little
before it hits a kernal import, I know A few kernal imports can be remapped and hard coded but id rather do this
from original code, without the need to write out the kernal, just edit the kernal if needs be.

When I get the time and the equipment to do imports of the kernal, im just guessing and from this point,
Im also using the debug kernal and symbols to achieve this but I dont have the 1bl unfortually,
Ill be ordering two falcon rgh's which should arrive just after the fourth of november, so expect a update then.

I will be able to test alot of things, that really badly need testing, I still do not know if saving any of the edits
work, so a little wait for myself but worth it to see where I can get this tool to compile its own power pc.

So the list for improvements, To be Written and worked on is :

Xbox Memory - Get it working.
PowerPC - Map out all known altivec codes.
XenonCPU - get working.
Disasmble - Once Xbox Memory is working, correct and work on this.

Map out Xbox kernal memory for Xbox Memory.
Code a Memory extracter or bootloaders compiler (from nand) to grab HV, XboxKrnl other Xecutables from fs
(Ill probably go with the memory extracter from the xdk first)

Grab the 1BL from linux on RGH.
Then link together so XenonCPU can be used to run them.

And Much More :)

